1. "What is the pitch for your custom level? (2-3 sentences)"
The new level gives players the opportunity to approach puzzles in a new 
and interesting way. While navigating the link and the clone's combined 
movement mechanism, the player must decide which character should take the 
lead, how to coordinate their movements, and how to manipulate the 
environment to solve each room's puzzle. 

   2. "What is the pitch for your custom mechanic? (2-3 sentences)"
The main mechanic in the custom level is the use of a mirrored clone of Link. 
The clone's horizontal movement mirrors the player's movements, while its 
vertical movement remains the same. This creates a new challenge for the 
player as they must consider both Link's and the clone's movements to find a 
way to get them both into the correct position given the characteristics of 
each room.
   3. "How does your new mechanic / custom level change the way the game is played? 
The new mechanic shifts the focus from action-based gameplay to puzzle-solving. 
The lack of enemies and slower-moving blade traps slow down the pace of the game 
and encourage players to think critically about Link's movement and the mechanics 
of each room. The player must discover the correct strategy to advance, leading to 
a more strategic and thought-provoking experience.
   4. "What new interesting decisions does your new mechanic / custom level bring about?"
The new mechanic requires players to make strategic decisions regarding the positioning 
and movement of both Link and the clone.  Players must figure out how to position both 
Link and the clone in correct positions. The player can move blocks to trap the clone or
use blocks and walls to offset their positions to allow for them to simultaneously stand 
over the pressure pads. The player must consider how to access pressure pads while 
avoiding blade traps, and whether to use the clone as a shield or as bait. 
These decisions add a new layer of complexity to the game, challenging the player 
to think critically and creatively to advance through each room.
   5. "How do you explain the new mechanic to the player (or make its utility obvious) 
while they are playing without using a bunch of clumsy text?" 
The player is gradually introduced to new mechanics and elements, 
leading to a more complex and challenging experience as they progress 
through the rooms.The first room introduces the clone and shows the 
player that the clone's horizontal movement is mirrors. 
Room 2 required the player to trap their clone to move onto the next room. 
Room 3 shows the player that they can also offset their movements by walking 
into walls so that the Link and the Clone move on different y and x coordinates. 
Room 4 introduces blade traps covering the pressure pads. The player must offset 
the y coordinates of link and the clone to prevent one or both being hit by the traps. 
It also shows the player how the clone can be used as bait to set off the traps. 
Room 5 presents a challenging final puzzle that incorporates all these elements
   6. What are the URLs to your online portfolios 
(where a web build OR win/mac download exists)?
      1. http://msfangs.com/
      2. https://fonsecap20.github.io/fonsecap/